.TH CONFIGURE-OGLPLUS 1 "2013-06-18" "Configuration script for OGLplus."
.SH "NAME"
configure-oglplus \- configuration script for the OGLplus library.
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B configure-oglplus
[
OPTIONS
]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This script is a more user-friendly way to invoke the cmake-based
build system of \fBOGLplus\fR.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB-h\fR, \fB--help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB--generate-bash-complete\fR
Generates bash completion script for this configure script and quits. For internal use only.
.TP
\fB--generate-manual\fR
Generates a man-compatible manual. For internal use only.
.TP
\fB--prefix\fR <\fIINSTALL_PREFIX\fR>
Specifies the installation prefix. The path must be absolute or relative to the current working directory from which \fBconfigure-oglplus\fR is invoked.
.TP
\fB--build-dir\fR <\fIBUILD_DIR\fR>
Specifies the work directory for cmake, where the cached files, generated makefiles and the intermediate build files will be placed. The specified path must be either absolute or relative to the current working directory from which \fBconfigure-oglplus\fR is invoked (default = '\fB_build\fR').
.TP
\fB--include-dir\fR <\fIINCLUDE_DIRS\fR>, \fB-I\fR <\fIINCLUDE_DIRS\fR>
Specifies additional directory to search when looking for external headers like \fIGL/glew.h or GL3/gl3.h\fR. The specified path must be absolute or relative to the current working directory from which \fBconfigure-oglplus\fR is invoked. This option may be specified multiple times to add multiple directories to the search list.
.TP
\fB--library-dir\fR <\fILIBRARY_DIRS\fR>, \fB-L\fR <\fILIBRARY_DIRS\fR>
Specifies additional directory to search when looking for compiled libraries like GL, GLEW, glut, png, etc. The specified path must be absolute or relative to the current working directory from which configure is invoked. This option may be specified multiple times to add multiple directories to the search list.
.TP
\fB--use-cxxflags\fR
Uses the directories specified by the -I options in \fICXXFLAGS\fR (if available) and adds them to the values specified by --include-dir.
.TP
\fB--use-ldflags\fR
Uses the directories specified by the -L options in \fILDFLAGS\fR (if available) and adds them to the values specified by --library-dir.
.TP
\fB--low-profile\fR {\fBTrue\fR,\fBFalse\fR}
Enables or disables the low profile mode (see the documentation for the \fIOGLPLUS_LOW_PROFILE\fR compile-time switch). If this option is used, then the specified value is written to the oglplus/site_config.hpp file, otherwise it is set to the default value in oglplus/config.hpp and may be overriden in sources by defining this preprocessor symbol or by using the appropriate compiler command-line switch or build environment setting.
.TP
\fB--build-examples\fR {\fBTrue\fR,\fBFalse\fR}
Determines whether the examples should be built (default = \fBTrue\fR).
.TP
\fB--no-examples\fR
Do not build the examples and the textures. Equivalent to --build-examples=False.
.TP
\fB--build-docs\fR {\fBTrue\fR,\fBFalse\fR}
Determines whether the documentation should be built (default = \fBTrue\fR).
.TP
\fB--no-docs\fR
Do not build the documentation. Equivalent to --build-docs=False.
.TP
\fB--make-screenshots\fR {\fBTrue\fR,\fBFalse\fR}
Determines whether screenshots from OGLplus examples should be made when building the documentation (default = \fBFalse\fR).
.TP
\fB--screenshots\fR
Equivalent to --make-screenshots=True.
.TP
\fB--max-gl-version\fR
Sets the maximum OpenGL version to be used. The cmake OpenGL version detection is only rudimentary and not 100% reliable and may return a higher OpenGL version than actually available. This option can be used to limit the maximal version number.
.TP
\fB--use-gl-header-lib\fR {\fBGLCOREARB_H\fR,\fBGL3_H\fR,\fBGLEW\fR,\fBGL3W\fR}
Forces the use of a specific header or library which defines the GL symbols.
.TP
\fB--use-glcorearb-h\fR
Force use of the \fIGL/glcorearb.h\fR header. If this option is used, then this header must be installed somewhere in the system include directories or in directories specified with --include-dir. Equivalent to --use-gl-header-lib=GLCOREARB_H.
.TP
\fB--use-gl3-h\fR
Force use of the \fIGL3/gl3.h\fR header. If this option is used, then this header must be installed somewhere in the system include directories or in directories specified with --include-dir. Equivalent to --use-gl-header-lib=GL3_H.
.TP
\fB--use-glew\fR
Force use of the GLEW library. If this option is used, then GLEW and the \fIGL/glew.h\fR header must be installed somewhere in the system include directories or in directories specified with --include-dir. Equivalent to --use-gl-header-lib=GLEW.
.TP
\fB--use-gl3w\fR
Force use of the GL3W library. If this option is used, then GL3W and the \fIGL/gl3w.h\fR header must be installed somewhere in the system include directories or in directories specified with --include-dir. Equivalent to --use-gl-header-lib=GL3W.
.TP
\fB--use-gl-init-lib\fR {\fBGLUT\fR,\fBGLFW\fR,\fBWXGL\fR,\fBSDL\fR,\fBGLX\fR,\fBQTGL\fR}
Forces the use of a specific window library which initializes the default GL context. This option allows to force a specific example 'harness'.
.TP
\fB--use-glut\fR
Forces the use of the GLUT library to create the window and initialize the GL context in OGLplus examples. Equivalent to --use-gl-init-lib=GLUT.
.TP
\fB--use-glfw\fR
Forces the use of the GLFW library to create the window and initialize the GL context in OGLplus examples. Equivalent to --use-gl-init-lib=GLFW.
.TP
\fB--use-wxgl\fR
Forces the use of the wxGL library to create the window and initialize the GL context in OGLplus examples. Equivalent to --use-gl-init-lib=WXGL.
.TP
\fB--use-sdl\fR
Forces the use of the SDL library to create the window and initialize the GL context in OGLplus examples. Equivalent to --use-gl-init-lib=SDL.
.TP
\fB--use-glx\fR
Forces the use of the glX library to create the window and initialize the GL context in OGLplus examples. Equivalent to --use-gl-init-lib=GLX.
.TP
\fB--use-qtgl\fR
Forces the use of the QtGL library to create the window and initialize the GL context in OGLplus examples. Equivalent to --use-gl-init-lib=QTGL.
.TP
\fB--from-scratch\fR
Remove any previous cached and intermediate files and run the configuration process from scratch. Specifying this option causes the build directory to be deleted and recreated.
.TP
\fB--quiet\fR
Do not print regular messages, errors are still printed to stderr. Also any cmake output is still printed.
.TP
\fB--quick\fR
Skips some optional steps in the configuration process.
.TP
\fB--build\fR
If possible, after running cmake also invoke the build tool and build the project. This is currently supported only for certain build tools.
.TP
\fB--with-tests\fR
Configure the testsuite.
.TP
\fB--cmake\fR
Everything following this option will be passed to cmake verbatim.
.SH "AUTHOR"
Matus Chochlik, chochlik@gmail.com
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
Copyright (c) 2008-2013 Matus Chochlik
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the Boost Software License, Version 1.0.
(See a copy at http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt)
